I don't know if people in the other world will be so busy
What nonsense are you talking about?
It's nothing, it's in Xiao Wang again, right?
You're getting to know me better.
It's all in the past
As you thought
Cui Yan did talk a lot
He also received his due punishment
So should you take it easy?
Think about me
Childish
But I was wondering if Wang Yimei hadn't died
The lawsuit will definitely be fought
And then the media reported it.
The adultery between Cui Yan and Lan Kexin came to light
Create a large area of public opinion
Then what about Zheng Gang?
Cui Yan will be fired soon
Let him escape in vain
If it weren't for Gaiyu making trouble from it
It seems possible
No, no, no, I was wrong. It can't be. What does that mean?
Because you are a very serious person
You can't fight this lawsuit without knowing it
Before Wang Yimei's problem is clarified
You're not going to take it easy.
But the outcome doesn't change.
Because my original intention was to ask Wang Yi to sue Cui Yan for possible domestic violence
If charged with this crime
The result is still the same
Don't forget Cui Yan's transfer record to Lan Kexin
How could you be so naive?
I have already calculated that transfer record.
The three years add up to less than 100,000
So Cui Yan is the old fox
Hello, your two cups of coffee.
Xiaoxiaotong
Lawyer Tang, how are you?
Are you all right?
Lawyer Tang, I'm sorry for you
I'm regretting it now
I deserve everything
I have no face to see you